Baran: Thank you for coming.
I've been waiting.
It's been three
years, hasn't it?
Too long since we
were last summoned.
Requiring all of us
means it's something big.
Something that could
test our strength.
Has the time come for
some real destruction?
[excited chuckle]
It would seem that my son,
Dino, is alive after all.
Master Dino?
Baran: The Hero Dai,
who fights the Dark Army,
is my long lost son.
Oh, really? What a
cruel twist of fate.
I've already fought the group of
warriors the boy is leading...
The bond between them all was
stronger than I anticipated,
and I was forced to concede.
But - how is that possible?!
I guess that it explains it;
why we're out
here at Argo Point.
This is where the Fountain
of Miracles resides.
It's a place of healing
for the Dragon Knights.
However, that was not my
only reason for coming here.
Larhart [thought]: He's
thinking about his wife.
We understand, General Baran.
You'll be needing the
three of us to assist
in the capturing
of young Master Dino.
Baran: Exactly. My son has
made troublesome allies.
They would risk death
for Dai, the Hero.
Also; there are
the Legion Commanders
who betrayed our army.
The Beast King and
the Dark Swordsman
are not to be
underestimated...
Do you understand?
You're joking!
Some Legion Commander?
None from the Dark Army besides
you could stand up to us.
Baran: You may be the
most powerful Dragon Riders
of all the Darklings
and Beastlings, but beware.
The humans can display
terrifying strength
when they're
prepared to die.
If his allies should resist,
the three of you
must crush them.
In the meantime,
I shall reclaim my son.
All: Sir!
Baran: I must
prepare for battle.
Wait for me here.
Galdandy: Master Baran
is ever the cautious one.
They're only a few humans
and a couple of traitors.
Watch your tongue, Galdandy!
Indeed.
A lion does not hold
back when it hunts a hare.
Don't forget that his
caution is what has kept
our glorious Dragon
Legion undefeated.
Galdandy: Yeah,
yeah, yeah...
Baran [thought]: Soala,
I will get our son back
from those filthy humans.
[fearsome roar]
[roaring]
Baran: Now, my Dragon Legion,
we ride to the Teran Kingdom.
When my son Dino
joins our forces,
our strength
shall be absolute!
All: Sir!
Right, then! Follow me!
Nabara: What a surprise.
With everyone calling
you "Princess,"
I wondered who you were.
So you're the
ruler of Papnica.
It's good you're here.
Otherwise, small
as Teran may be,
its king would not be so
inclined to hear from us.
His Grace will see you now.
He is not feeling
well and asks
that you forgive an
audience in his chambers.
That will be fine.
I'll wait outside.
Call me when you're done.
How intriguing.
That supernatural storm was
caused by the Dragon Knight.
And this child is
none other than his son.
It may have been a
Psychic Signal of some kind
that took his memories.
Psychic Signal?
King Teran: Think
of it as a mental wave
emitted from
the Dragon Crest.
So how can we get his
memory back to normal?
Sadly, I do not know.
We merely worship
the God of Dragons.
We know the history
of the Dragon Knight,
but we've barely
begun to understand
the extent of their powers.
I understand.
Then... will you
please protect Dai
in your fortress for
a time, your majesty?
King Teran: You
still wish to fight?
Yes, we do.
While the people of Teran...
may regard Baran's attack
as some kind of divine will...
It's an attack
against humanity,
And we stand against
any aggression.
I see.
I had heard of the bravery
of the Princess of Papnica.
[coughing]
Kanar...
Your Grace?
You will aid the Princess
Leona and her party.
Yes, of course, Sire.
Thank you very much,
Your Highness.
Now tell me, are
you the famous Seers?
Quite so. My name is Nabara.
King Teran: And this one?
This is my
granddaughter, Merle.
Come a bit closer.
Merle: Huh?
Yes, sire.
You possess power
beyond your grandmother's.
That is true.
Recently, she's been able to
sense things which I cannot.
Before too long, your
power shall show you all
of the terrifying and
horrible things to come.
Merle: What?!
Do not resent your
very special gift.
It will someday
help save humanity.
Trust that day will arrive,
and live strong.
Yes...
[troubled gasps]
Popp: What's wrong?
Merle: An energy of great
wrath - it's coming...
Straight for this kingdom!
You mean Baran?
Wait - he's coming already?
Merle: That's not all.
There are other,
similar energies...
Three of them.
What are you doing?
Let me... Let me out of here!
-Isn't this going too far?
-Dai: Hey! Let me out!
Possibly. The dungeon
is the deepest and most
impregnable place
in the entire castle.
-B-But...
-Dai: Let me out! Let me out!
[distressed sobbing]
Crocodine: Young lady, do
you know what imprinting is?
Huh?
Whenever a beast of my
species hatches from its egg,
it assumes the first thing
it sees is its parent.
Crocodine: Baran's reduced Dai
to the state of a
newly hatched infant.
If Dai encounters him now,
he'll probably accept
Baran as his father.
The mark they both bear
is irrefutable proof.
It may seem cruel, but this is
the only way to prevent that.
We can take care of
the rest, I'm sure.
Please guard your king.
Yes, your majesty.
I'm on my way.
Poor Dai...
Nabara: They're headed straight
for Teran from the southeast.
Can you show us, Nabara?
Nabara: I think so.
Who are those guys?
They're the other sources
of energy you sensed, Merle.
Could they be
the Dragon Masters?
The Dragon who?
The most powerful
beings who serve Baran.
With Dragons under
their control,
they're said to rival even
the Legion Commanders.
You mean he's got three
sidekicks as tough as you?
Crocodine [thought]: We
may not be strong enough
to hold them back.
Fighting Baran alone
was difficult enough.
If only Hyunckel were here.
Popp: [defeated laughter]
Well, I guess that blows it.
We're definitely done for.
What? Popp...
Really sorry, but I am
not dying for nothing.
I'm bailing out.
You guys can do whatever-
and I mean whatever - you like.
So, you're saying that-
That you're not
going to help us?
I'm saying that I am out.
If they're that strong,
there's no point in resisting.
You're all just
fooling yourselves.
But Popp, do you understand
what that would mean?
Popp: You're the ones
who don't understand.
Dai barely knows who he is,
we're falling apart,
and now we're facing
the toughest Legion...
With those odds, you'd have to
be crazy to consider fighting.
And I thought that
fighting for your friends,
even when there's no hope,
was what you Disciples
of Avan truly believed in.
If Dai falls into
the wrong hands now,
then the human world will end.
He's right.
I thought you were
Dai's best friend.
Are you really
willing to abandon him
now after all this time?
[scoffing]
Don't worry about him.
After all, he's
not even a human.
Popp: He is one
of them, isn't he?
So why not just give him back?
They'll take
good care of him.
[laughing]
Fine, then.
Get out of my sight.
Cowards aren't much
use to us anyway.
Well, that's a relief.
Thanks a lot!
No, Popp...
Wait a minute.
Do not go after
him, Crocodine.
We still need you here,
defending this position.
Yes, but...
Princess?
Leona: I've always admired
the Disciples of Avan.
I was actually hoping to
learn from Master Avan
before we lost him.
I believed that Popp
would stay with us
because he was one
of those Disciples.
What could have happened
to all of your courage,
young Popp?
P-Popp?
Popp... Who?
Merle: Stop!
M-Merle?
Was it all a lie?
You said Dai was your friend,
even if he was a monster!
Were those words...
Those tears...
All a lie?
Then I...
I hate you.
I can't believe I
actually liked you!
Y'know, it's funny-
this reminds me of
that time when Maam
punched me and said
I disgusted her.
Popp [thought]: But this
isn't like back then!
If I tried to go alone,
you'd all stop me.
That's why I had to
say that. I'm sorry.
Look after Dai, everyone.
I'll stop them, even
if I don't come back.
I may not win,
but I'll at least take one
or two of them out with me.
So take care of the rest!
Popp: Stop right there!
You're not going any farther.
Look who's here to stop us.
Are the others lying in wait?
No, doesn't seem like it.
Is he insane,
or just an idiot?
Popp [thought]:
Here goes nothing.
Galdandy, watch yourself.
He can cast spells
stronger than you'd expect.
Ha! That scrawny wimp?
Donk!
Be crushed...
C'mon...
Please be crushed!
Galdandy: Thanks
for lifting me up.
You're a real help, Ruud.
Popp [thought]: Dammit!
That one slipped out the top!
Such feeble Dragons.
Borahorn: Pathetic.
Baran: You're brave to
try and stop us alone.
Master, why don't you
leave this one to us.
We will catch
up with you later.
You should hurry
ahead and find Dino.
Very well, then. I will
leave this fight to you.
Baran: But don't
underestimate him.
As I said before,
humans who are prepared to die
can display terrifying strength.
You never know what
the desperate will do.
"A cornered rat
will bite the cat."
Isn't that what the
humans like to say?
I guess you'll find out.
Get back here!
[startled yelp]
[pained grunt]
Borahorn: Know
your place, boy.
A pipsqueak like you
couldn't beat Master Baran
in a million years.
Wanna bet? Kafrizz!
With one single breath, huh?
[laughing]
I hope that's not all
you've got, little mage.
You really thought you could
fight the Dragon Masters
with spells like that?!
[flying yells]
Come on. Are you
trying to make me laugh?
[pained yells]
You're too frail, boy.
That's enough, Borahorn.
What?
He's nothing more
than a fledgling.
We shouldn't make him suffer.
Let's just get this
over with, alright?
I guess.
For a toy, he's not
very fun to play with.
Galdandy?
[laughing]
I'd be happy to take
the boy off your hands
if you two don't
want him anymore.
He's juicy human prey.
It's no fun unless we
take our time killing him!
You're as cruel as ever.
Popp [thought]:
They're strong...
They're going to kill me...
Alright...
If I'm going to die,
I have to at least
hit them once or twice!
Otherwise, what's
the point of dying?
Galdandy: Whoops. Whoops.
You give up already, kid?
Popp: I-It hurts.
I'm done for.
Please...
Just let your dragon
end it, already!
[mocking chuckle]
You weakling! Oh, well.
Since you asked so nicely...
Sizzle!
[proud chuckle]
I guess you can do
anything if you're desperate.
The kid...
He really downed Galdandy's
favorite Ethereal Serpent?
Larhart: The rat
actually bit the cat.
But his resistance is going
to come with a steep price.
Popp [thought]: That takes
care of their Dragons.
Now the real fight starts.
This...
This is impossible!
Galdandy: How could
you die, Ruud?
Popp [thought]:
Seriously?!
The cruelty! It's too much!
[sobbing]
What are you crying
about, bird-face?!
You're a monster! You've
destroyed entire kingdoms!
Killed tons of humans
-so what?
Galdandy: Ruud was
an Ethereal Serpent,
and the only friend
I ever trusted.
He was more-
he was my brother.
We were always together,
no matter what...
How dare you compare
my beloved dragon
to some filthy little humans!
What are these feathers?
They won't come out.
I'll slice you to pieces.
So many they'll
never even find you.
G-Get away from me!
Popp [thought]: That's it!
They're all on the ground now.
Donk!
Why isn't it working?!
Galdandy: You can't use
those spells of yours.
I'm afraid what's left of your
Magic Power is leaking out.
You mean...
Galdandy: That's right.
Those white feathers drain
an enemy's Magic Power.
Get out!
Oh, and these red feathers,
they'll drain your stamina.
So, do you get it yet?
I'm going to reduce
you to an empty rag doll
before I slice you up!
I'll make you
fear for your life!
Kafrizz!
All right, Frizzle!
Galdandy: Don't resist!
[pained cry]
Popp [thought]: It's
no use. I feel weak...
I won't let you die so easy.
I'm dragging this out!
Galdandy: Take
this, and this!
Does it hurt? I bet it does!
He's gone mad.
Even if we tried to intervene,
we couldn't stop him now.
The boy had a choice.
He could've died painlessly
if he hadn't resisted.
Poor kid is a mess.
You're tougher than I thought,
and it's making me angry!
Popp [thought]:
I've got to fight back...
While I still have some
stamina and Magic Power,
I have to do something!
O-Oh! I like that
face right there.
I know. How about...
I do what you did to Ruud...
And take off your head!
[cackling]
That's it. That's the look!
Just keep that expression...
Larhart: Who's there?
Well, that is just great.
I'm saved by the last
guy I want saving me.
Sorry to disappoint you, Popp.
Narrator: Despite
their differences,
Popp can't deny
that Hyunckel is
the best possible
ally on the battlefield,
and soon the pair
gain the advantage
over Galdandy and Borahorn.
But when Popp's
Magic Power fails
and Larhart raises
his ominous spear,
a ferocious battle
unfolds between
Hyunckel and the
last Dragon Master...
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Land Rider Larhart".